SAY THIS--->

Interview:- 

Tell me about yourself/ introduce yourself.

Ans:  Good morning/afternoon sir/maam.
First of all, Thanks for allowing me to introduce myself. 
I'm Aritra Basak. Born and brought up in Kolkata. 
Coming to my educational qualifications, I have completed my schooling at Julien Day School, I have passed both my class 10 and class 12 in 2017 and 2019 respectively from Julien Day. Currently, I am pursuing my B-Tech degree in Electronics and Communication Engineering from Narula Institute of Technology, with an average of 9.0  CGPA.
Coming to my skills, I have good hands-on experience in Java and Python, where Java is my primary programming language with a 5-star rating on Hacker-Rank. With all these, I am also a self-taught & Independent  Web-Developer with a good experience in HTML5, CSS3, Tailwind-CSS as a CSS framework and also Django as a back-end framework. 
I have also done projects in the web domain and also completed a project based on JAVA in the software domain.
If talking about my Internships I have completed an internship in Cloud Computing from ESL technologies.

Apart from studies, my hobbies are like playing e-games in my free time, listening to music and last but not least I also like to travel. My interest lies in cars, I like collecting info about cars and I also have a good interest in new technologies.
Lastly, I'm a fresher and I am eager to learn new things and upgrade myself.
That's all about me Sir.
Thank you.






Short Term Goal--->

In the short term, I see myself working on improving my core skills through job experience. I aim to become the best I can be in my role to take on higher-level responsibilities when needed and prepare myself for future advancement opportunities. 


Long Term Goal --->
In the long term, I want to take on leadership responsibilities such as being a team leader.  I plan on shaping myself during this initial time so that I’m prepared to deliver on bigger targets later. I believe my short-term goals will help me get there.

Family BackGround--->
As far as my family background is concerned, I belong to a joint family where my father is an Engineer and my mother is a Housewife.


Strength --> One of my greatest strengths is that I am a dedicated person, when I am given work to complete, I try to do it with my full dedication without giving unnecessary attention to other things going around unless I complete my job, One of my another great strength is that I am a smart worker with attention to details, this not only helps me to perform efficiently but also helps me to do my work with least flaws as much as possible.


Weakness-->As for my weaknesses, I feel one of the things I need to work on is my impatience.



Can you describe yourself in three to five words?
-->If I could describe myself in three to five words, I would say that I am loyal, passionate, dedicated, a learner and hard working.


How would you rate yourself on scale of 1 to 10?
--> I would like to rate myself an 8.0 because I know that i am not perfect and there is always a scope for learning and improvement. Continuous learning is the most fundamental part of personal and professional goal.




Why should we Hire you?
I want to make my career as a software engineer and looking at the job description I believe that I will be a right fit for this description, my skill set and educational background will help me in full filling my duties for this job role and if you select me then you can see an immediate return on this investment and I can become an asset for your company.


Accenture:
Accenture plc is an Irish-American professional services company based in Dublin,specializing in information technology services and consulting
CEO: Julie Sweet (1 Sept 2019-)
Revenue: 5,053 crores USD (2021)
Headquarters: Dublin, Ireland
Founder: Clarence DeLany
Number of employees: 7,10,000 (2022)

EY:
Ernst & Young Global Limited, named as EY, is a multinational professional service partnership comapany. EY is one of the Big 4 Accounting Companies and not just India's but one of the world's most reputed companies , It's headquartered  is in London, England.
CEO: Carmine Di Sibio (1 Jul 2019–)
CEO(INDIA): Rajiv Memani
Headquarters: London, United Kingdom
Revenue: 4,000 crores USD (2021)
Number of employees: 3,12,250 (2021)



